1. The asynchronous nature could be a pain for developers because many programming language that we learn at school or not async, but rather they follow a proper state of function. Adjusting to async programming can be difficult as all of the functions or methods that is called is run at once rather than waiting for one to finish then running the next. For its loose typing behavior, some developers could not be accustomed to it. Many languages that people are familiar with such as Java or C++ doesn't have this feature, and it forces developers to check the data type of each variable. With JavaScript running on web platform, it could behave differently on different web platforms, and debugging could be annoying.
2. I think the developers added loose typing because it would reduce the number of errors that developers would need to fix with its variable data type if they forgot to set it or is not the same. Having the ability to change it on its own saves a lot of time. Asynch program is something new that other programming languages have not introduced, so by having this feature, it can also introduce developers to use the callback function ability.
3. A compiled language undergoes conversion into machine code before execution, whereas an interpreted language is not compiled beforehand; rather, it is compiled dynamically during execution. JavaScript falls into the latter category. This approach allows it to execute many of its functionalities even if some components are faulty. However, it also poses a risk of overlooking bugs that could lead to functional issues on webpages.
4. Learning vanilla JS would help build our fundamental skills in programming, especially since a lot of companies nowadays uses frontend framework such as Angular or React,
these frameswork build upong JS. Understanding JS fully would help us program better using the framework.
5. This lab relates to our project because we will use wireframing to design how are our website will look like. The design aspect of our project will start with wireframing.
On top of that, there will be times where we have to use the dev tools to debug on our project, especially with bugs that seems very hard to solve or fix. We will also use
JavaScript as one of our our tech stack in this project, so learning the basic of JS is important.